Proverbs 8:1 - Doth not wisdom cry? and understanding put forth her voice?

Proverbs 8:2 - She standeth in the top of high places, by the way in the places of the paths.

Proverbs 8:3 - She crieth at the gates, at the entry of the city, at the coming in at the doors.

Proverbs 8:4 - Unto you, O men, I call; and my voice is to the sons of man.

Proverbs 8:5 - O ye simple, understand wisdom: and, ye fools, be ye of an understanding heart.

Proverbs 8:6 - Hear; for I will speak of excellent things; and the opening of my lips shall be right things.

Proverbs 8:7 - For my mouth shall speak truth; and wickedness is an abomination to my lips.

Proverbs 8:8 - All the words of my mouth are in righteousness; there is nothing froward or perverse in them.

Proverbs 8:9 - They are all plain to him that understandeth, and right to them that find knowledge.

Proverbs 8:10 - Receive my instruction, and not silver; and knowledge rather than choice gold.

Proverbs 8:11 - For wisdom is better than rubies; and all the things that may be desired are not to be compared to it.

Proverbs 8:12 - I wisdom dwell with prudence, and find out knowledge of witty inventions.

Proverbs 8:13 - The fear of the LORD is to hate evil: pride, and arrogancy, and the evil way, and the froward mouth, do I hate.

Proverbs 8:14 - Counsel is mine, and sound wisdom: I am understanding; I have strength.

Proverbs 8:15 - By me kings reign, and princes decree justice.

Proverbs 8:16 - By me princes rule, and nobles, even all the judges of the earth.

Proverbs 8:17 - I love them that love me; and those that seek me early shall find me.

Proverbs 8:18 - Riches and honour are with me; yea, durable riches and righteousness.

Proverbs 8:19 - My fruit is better than gold, yea, than fine gold; and my revenue than choice silver.

Proverbs 8:20 - I lead in the way of righteousness, in the midst of the paths of judgment:

Proverbs 8:21 - That I may cause those that love me to inherit substance; and I will fill their treasures.

Proverbs 8:22 - The LORD possessed me in the beginning of his way, before his works of old.

Proverbs 8:23 - I was set up from everlasting, from the beginning, or ever the earth was.

Proverbs 8:24 - When there were no depths, I was brought forth; when there were no fountains abounding with water.

Proverbs 8:25 - Before the mountains were settled, before the hills was I brought forth:

Proverbs 8:26 - While as yet he had not made the earth, nor the fields, nor the highest part of the dust of the world.

Proverbs 8:27 - When he prepared the heavens, I was there: when he set a compass upon the face of the depth:

Proverbs 8:28 - When he established the clouds above: when he strengthened the fountains of the deep:

Proverbs 8:29 - When he gave to the sea his decree, that the waters should not pass his commandment: when he appointed the foundations of the earth:

Proverbs 8:30 - Then I was by him, as one brought up with him: and I was daily his delight, rejoicing always before him;

Proverbs 8:31 - Rejoicing in the habitable part of his earth; and my delights were with the sons of men.

Proverbs 8:32 - Now therefore hearken unto me, O ye children: for blessed are they that keep my ways.

Proverbs 8:33 - Hear instruction, and be wise, and refuse it not.

Proverbs 8:34 - Blessed is the man that heareth me, watching daily at my gates, waiting at the posts of my doors.

Proverbs 8:35 - For whoso findeth me findeth life, and shall obtain favour of the LORD.

Proverbs 8:36 - But he that sinneth against me wrongeth his own soul: all they that hate me love death.

