Proverbs 5:1 - My son, attend unto my wisdom, and bow thine ear to my understanding:

Proverbs 5:2 - That thou mayest regard discretion, and that thy lips may keep knowledge.

Proverbs 5:3 - For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and her mouth is smoother than oil:

Proverbs 5:4 - But her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a two-edged sword.

Proverbs 5:5 - Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell.

Proverbs 5:6 - Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them.

Proverbs 5:7 - Hear me now therefore, O ye children, and depart not from the words of my mouth.

Proverbs 5:8 - Remove thy way far from her, and come not nigh the door of her house:

Proverbs 5:9 - Lest thou give thine honour unto others, and thy years unto the cruel:

Proverbs 5:10 - Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth; and thy labours be in the house of a stranger;

Proverbs 5:11 - And thou mourn at the last, when thy flesh and thy body are consumed,

Proverbs 5:12 - And say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof;

Proverbs 5:13 - And have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined mine ear to them that instructed me!

Proverbs 5:14 - I was almost in all evil in the midst of the congregation and assembly.

Proverbs 5:15 - Drink waters out of thine own cistern, and running waters out of thine own well.

Proverbs 5:16 - Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets.

Proverbs 5:17 - Let them be only thine own, and not strangers&#39; with thee.

Proverbs 5:18 - Let thy fountain be blessed: and rejoice with the wife of thy youth.

Proverbs 5:19 - Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy thee at all times; and be thou ravished always with her love.

Proverbs 5:20 - And why wilt thou, my son, be ravished with a strange woman, and embrace the bosom of a stranger?

Proverbs 5:21 - For the ways of man are before the eyes of the LORD, and he pondereth all his goings.

Proverbs 5:22 - His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself, and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins.

Proverbs 5:23 - He shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray.

