Philippians 2:1 - If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies,

Philippians 2:2 - Fulfil ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind.

Philippians 2:3 - Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves.

Philippians 2:4 - Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others.

Philippians 2:5 - Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:

Philippians 2:6 - Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God:

Philippians 2:7 - But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men:

Philippians 2:8 - And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross.

Philippians 2:9 - Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name:

Philippians 2:10 - That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;

Philippians 2:11 - And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.

Philippians 2:12 - Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling.

Philippians 2:13 - For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure.

Philippians 2:14 - Do all things without murmurings and disputings:

Philippians 2:15 - That ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world;

Philippians 2:16 - Holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain.

Philippians 2:17 - Yea, and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith, I joy, and rejoice with you all.

Philippians 2:18 - For the same cause also do ye joy, and rejoice with me.

Philippians 2:19 - But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you, that I also may be of good comfort, when I know your state.

Philippians 2:20 - For I have no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your state.

Philippians 2:21 - For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ&#39;s.

Philippians 2:22 - But ye know the proof of him, that, as a son with the father, he hath served with me in the gospel.

Philippians 2:23 - Him therefore I hope to send presently, so soon as I shall see how it will go with me.

Philippians 2:24 - But I trust in the Lord that I also myself shall come shortly.

Philippians 2:25 - Yet I supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, and companion in labour, and fellowsoldier, but your messenger, and he that ministered to my wants.

Philippians 2:26 - For he longed after you all, and was full of heaviness, because that ye had heard that he had been sick.

Philippians 2:27 - For indeed he was sick nigh unto death: but God had mercy on him; and not on him only, but on me also, lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow.

Philippians 2:28 - I sent him therefore the more carefully, that, when ye see him again, ye may rejoice, and that I may be the less sorrowful.

Philippians 2:29 - Receive him therefore in the Lord with all gladness; and hold such in reputation:

Philippians 2:30 - Because for the work of Christ he was nigh unto death, not regarding his life, to supply your lack of service toward me.

