2 Corinthians 6:1 - We then, as workers together with him, beseech you also that ye receive not the grace of God in vain.

2 Corinthians 6:2 - (For he saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.)

2 Corinthians 6:3 - Giving no offence in any thing, that the ministry be not blamed:

2 Corinthians 6:4 - But in all things approving ourselves as the ministers of God, in much patience, in afflictions, in necessities, in distresses,

2 Corinthians 6:5 - In stripes, in imprisonments, in tumults, in labours, in watchings, in fastings;

2 Corinthians 6:6 - By pureness, by knowledge, by longsuffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned,

2 Corinthians 6:7 - By the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left,

2 Corinthians 6:8 - By honour and dishonour, by evil report and good report: as deceivers, and yet true;

2 Corinthians 6:9 - As unknown, and yet well known; as dying, and, behold, we live; as chastened, and not killed;

2 Corinthians 6:10 - As sorrowful, yet alway rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessing all things.

2 Corinthians 6:11 - O ye Corinthians, our mouth is open unto you, our heart is enlarged.

2 Corinthians 6:12 - Ye are not straitened in us, but ye are straitened in your own bowels.

2 Corinthians 6:13 - Now for a recompence in the same, (I speak as unto my children,) be ye also enlarged.

2 Corinthians 6:14 - Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness?

2 Corinthians 6:15 - And what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel?

2 Corinthians 6:16 - And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people.

2 Corinthians 6:17 - Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you.

2 Corinthians 6:18 - And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty.

