
Psalms 72:1 --> Give the king thy judgments, O God, and thy righteousness unto the king's son. 

Psalms 72:2 --> He shall judge thy people with righteousness, and thy poor with judgment. 

Psalms 72:3 --> The mountains shall bring peace to the people, and the little hills, by righteousness. 

Psalms 72:4 --> He shall judge the poor of the people, he shall save the children of the needy, and shall break in pieces the oppressor. 

Psalms 72:5 --> They shall fear thee as long as the sun and moon endure, throughout all generations. 

Psalms 72:6 --> He shall come down like rain upon the mown grass: as showers that water the earth. 

Psalms 72:7 --> In his days shall the righteous flourish; and abundance of peace so long as the moon endureth. 

Psalms 72:8 --> He shall have dominion also from sea to sea, and from the river unto the ends of the earth. 

Psalms 72:9 --> They that dwell in the wilderness shall bow before him; and his enemies shall lick the dust. 

Psalms 72:10 --> The kings of Tarshish and of the isles shall bring presents: the kings of Sheba and Seba shall offer gifts. 

Psalms 72:11 --> Yea, all kings shall fall down before him: all nations shall serve him. 

Psalms 72:12 --> For he shall deliver the needy when he crieth; the poor also, and him that hath no helper. 

Psalms 72:13 --> He shall spare the poor and needy, and shall save the souls of the needy. 

Psalms 72:14 --> He shall redeem their soul from deceit and violence: and precious shall their blood be in his sight. 

Psalms 72:15 --> And he shall live, and to him shall be given of the gold of Sheba: prayer also shall be made for him continually; and daily shall he be praised. 

Psalms 72:16 --> There shall be an handful of corn in the earth upon the top of the mountains; the fruit thereof shall shake like Lebanon: and they of the city shall flourish like grass of the earth. 

Psalms 72:17 --> His name shall endure for ever: his name shall be continued as long as the sun: and men shall be blessed in him: all nations shall call him blessed. 

Psalms 72:18 --> Blessed be the LORD God, the God of Israel, who only doeth wondrous things. 

Psalms 72:19 --> And blessed be his glorious name for ever: and let the whole earth be filled with his glory; Amen, and Amen. 

Psalms 72:20 --> The prayers of David the son of Jesse are ended. 
