
Psalms 68:1 --> Let God arise, let his enemies be scattered: let them also that hate him flee before him. 

Psalms 68:2 --> As smoke is driven away, so drive them away: as wax melteth before the fire, so let the wicked perish at the presence of God. 

Psalms 68:3 --> But let the righteous be glad; let them rejoice before God: yea, let them exceedingly rejoice. 

Psalms 68:4 --> Sing unto God, sing praises to his name: extol him that rideth upon the heavens by his name JAH, and rejoice before him. 

Psalms 68:5 --> A father of the fatherless, and a judge of the widows, is God in his holy habitation. 

Psalms 68:6 --> God setteth the solitary in families: he bringeth out those which are bound with chains: but the rebellious dwell in a dry land. 

Psalms 68:7 --> O God, when thou wentest forth before thy people, when thou didst march through the wilderness; Selah: 

Psalms 68:8 --> The earth shook, the heavens also dropped at the presence of God: even Sinai itself was moved at the presence of God, the God of Israel. 

Psalms 68:9 --> Thou, O God, didst send a plentiful rain, whereby thou didst confirm thine inheritance, when it was weary. 

Psalms 68:10 --> Thy congregation hath dwelt therein: thou, O God, hast prepared of thy goodness for the poor. 

Psalms 68:11 --> The Lord gave the word: great was the company of those that published it. 

Psalms 68:12 --> Kings of armies did flee apace: and she that tarried at home divided the spoil. 

Psalms 68:13 --> Though ye have lien among the pots, yet shall ye be as the wings of a dove covered with silver, and her feathers with yellow gold. 

Psalms 68:14 --> When the Almighty scattered kings in it, it was white as snow in Salmon. 

Psalms 68:15 --> The hill of God is as the hill of Bashan; an high hill as the hill of Bashan. 

Psalms 68:16 --> Why leap ye, ye high hills? this is the hill which God desireth to dwell in; yea, the LORD will dwell in it for ever. 

Psalms 68:17 --> The chariots of God are twenty thousand, even thousands of angels: the Lord is among them, as in Sinai, in the holy place. 

Psalms 68:18 --> Thou hast ascended on high, thou hast led captivity captive: thou hast received gifts for men; yea, for the rebellious also, that the LORD God might dwell among them. 

Psalms 68:19 --> Blessed be the Lord, who daily loadeth us with benefits, even the God of our salvation. Selah. 

Psalms 68:20 --> He that is our God is the God of salvation; and unto GOD the Lord belong the issues from death. 

Psalms 68:21 --> But God shall wound the head of his enemies, and the hairy scalp of such an one as goeth on still in his trespasses. 

Psalms 68:22 --> The Lord said, I will bring again from Bashan, I will bring my people again from the depths of the sea: 

Psalms 68:23 --> That thy foot may be dipped in the blood of thine enemies, and the tongue of thy dogs in the same. 

Psalms 68:24 --> They have seen thy goings, O God; even the goings of my God, my King, in the sanctuary. 

Psalms 68:25 --> The singers went before, the players on instruments followed after; among them were the damsels playing with timbrels. 

Psalms 68:26 --> Bless ye God in the congregations, even the Lord, from the fountain of Israel. 

Psalms 68:27 --> There is little Benjamin with their ruler, the princes of Judah and their council, the princes of Zebulun, and the princes of Naphtali. 

Psalms 68:28 --> Thy God hath commanded thy strength: strengthen, O God, that which thou hast wrought for us. 

Psalms 68:29 --> Because of thy temple at Jerusalem shall kings bring presents unto thee. 

Psalms 68:30 --> Rebuke the company of spearmen, the multitude of the bulls, with the calves of the people, till every one submit himself with pieces of silver: scatter thou the people that delight in war. 

Psalms 68:31 --> Princes shall come out of Egypt; Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God. 

Psalms 68:32 --> Sing unto God, ye kingdoms of the earth; O sing praises unto the Lord; Selah: 

Psalms 68:33 --> To him that rideth upon the heavens of heavens, which were of old; lo, he doth send out his voice, and that a mighty voice. 

Psalms 68:34 --> Ascribe ye strength unto God: his excellency is over Israel, and his strength is in the clouds. 

Psalms 68:35 --> O God, thou art terrible out of thy holy places: the God of Israel is he that giveth strength and power unto his people. Blessed be God. 
