
Psalms 71:1 --> In thee, O LORD, do I put my trust: let me never be put to confusion. 

Psalms 71:2 --> Deliver me in thy righteousness, and cause me to escape: incline thine ear unto me, and save me. 

Psalms 71:3 --> Be thou my strong habitation, whereunto I may continually resort: thou hast given commandment to save me; for thou art my rock and my fortress. 

Psalms 71:4 --> Deliver me, O my God, out of the hand of the wicked, out of the hand of the unrighteous and cruel man. 

Psalms 71:5 --> For thou art my hope, O Lord GOD: thou art my trust from my youth. 

Psalms 71:6 --> By thee have I been holden up from the womb: thou art he that took me out of my mother's bowels: my praise shall be continually of thee. 

Psalms 71:7 --> I am as a wonder unto many; but thou art my strong refuge. 

Psalms 71:8 --> Let my mouth be filled with thy praise and with thy honour all the day. 

Psalms 71:9 --> Cast me not off in the time of old age; forsake me not when my strength faileth. 

Psalms 71:10 --> For mine enemies speak against me; and they that lay wait for my soul take counsel together, 

Psalms 71:11 --> Saying, God hath forsaken him: persecute and take him; for there is none to deliver him. 

Psalms 71:12 --> O God, be not far from me: O my God, make haste for my help. 

Psalms 71:13 --> Let them be confounded and consumed that are adversaries to my soul; let them be covered with reproach and dishonour that seek my hurt. 

Psalms 71:14 --> But I will hope continually, and will yet praise thee more and more. 

Psalms 71:15 --> My mouth shall shew forth thy righteousness and thy salvation all the day; for I know not the numbers thereof. 

Psalms 71:16 --> I will go in the strength of the Lord GOD: I will make mention of thy righteousness, even of thine only. 

Psalms 71:17 --> O God, thou hast taught me from my youth: and hitherto have I declared thy wondrous works. 

Psalms 71:18 --> Now also when I am old and greyheaded, O God, forsake me not; until I have shewed thy strength unto this generation, and thy power to every one that is to come. 

Psalms 71:19 --> Thy righteousness also, O God, is very high, who hast done great things: O God, who is like unto thee! 

Psalms 71:20 --> Thou, which hast shewed me great and sore troubles, shalt quicken me again, and shalt bring me up again from the depths of the earth. 

Psalms 71:21 --> Thou shalt increase my greatness, and comfort me on every side. 

Psalms 71:22 --> I will also praise thee with the psaltery, even thy truth, O my God: unto thee will I sing with the harp, O thou Holy One of Israel. 

Psalms 71:23 --> My lips shall greatly rejoice when I sing unto thee; and my soul, which thou hast redeemed. 

Psalms 71:24 --> My tongue also shall talk of thy righteousness all the day long: for they are confounded, for they are brought unto shame, that seek my hurt. 
