Genesis 32:1 - And Jacob went on his way, and the angels of God met him.

Genesis 32:2 - And when Jacob saw them, he said, This is God&#39;s host: and he called the name of that place Mahanaim.

Genesis 32:3 - And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau his brother unto the land of Seir, the country of Edom.

Genesis 32:4 - And he commanded them, saying, Thus shall ye speak unto my lord Esau; Thy servant Jacob saith thus, I have sojourned with Laban, and stayed there until now:

Genesis 32:5 - And I have oxen, and asses, flocks, and menservants, and womenservants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find grace in thy sight.

Genesis 32:6 - And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying, We came to thy brother Esau, and also he cometh to meet thee, and four hundred men with him.

Genesis 32:7 - Then Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed: and he divided the people that was with him, and the flocks, and herds, and the camels, into two bands;

Genesis 32:8 - And said, If Esau come to the one company, and smite it, then the other company which is left shall escape.

Genesis 32:9 - And Jacob said, O God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, the LORD which saidst unto me, Return unto thy country, and to thy kindred, and I will deal well with thee:

Genesis 32:10 - I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies, and of all the truth, which thou hast showed unto thy servant; for with my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I am become two bands.

Genesis 32:11 - Deliver me, I pray thee, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau: for I fear him, lest he will come and smite me, and the mother with the children.

Genesis 32:12 - And thou saidst, I will surely do thee good, and make thy seed as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude.

Genesis 32:13 - And he lodged there that same night; and took of that which came to his hand a present for Esau his brother;

Genesis 32:14 - Two hundred she goats, and twenty he goats, two hundred ewes, and twenty rams,

Genesis 32:15 - Thirty milch camels with their colts, forty kine, and ten bulls, twenty she asses, and ten foals.

Genesis 32:16 - And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by themselves; and said unto his servants, Pass over before me, and put a space betwixt drove and drove.

Genesis 32:17 - And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau my brother meeteth thee, and asketh thee, saying, Whose art thou? and whither goest thou? and whose are these before thee?

Genesis 32:18 - Then thou shalt say, They be thy servant Jacob&#39;s; it is a present sent unto my lord Esau: and, behold, also he is behind us.

Genesis 32:19 - And so commanded he the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying, On this manner shall ye speak unto Esau, when ye find him.

Genesis 32:20 - And say ye moreover, Behold, thy servant Jacob is behind us. For he said, I will appease him with the present that goeth before me, and afterward I will see his face; peradventure he will accept of me.

Genesis 32:21 - So went the present over before him: and himself lodged that night in the company.

Genesis 32:22 - And he rose up that night, and took his two wives, and his two womenservants, and his eleven sons, and passed over the ford Jabbok.

Genesis 32:23 - And he took them, and sent them over the brook, and sent over that he had.

Genesis 32:24 - And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.

Genesis 32:25 - And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh; and the hollow of Jacob&#39;s thigh was out of joint, as he wrestled with him.

Genesis 32:26 - And he said, Let me go, for the day breaketh. And he said, I will not let thee go, except thou bless me.

Genesis 32:27 - And he said unto him, What is thy name? And he said, Jacob.

Genesis 32:28 - And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed.

Genesis 32:29 - And Jacob asked him, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, thy name. And he said, Wherefore is it that thou dost ask after my name? And he blessed him there.

Genesis 32:30 - And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved.

Genesis 32:31 - And as he passed over Penuel the sun rose upon him, and he halted upon his thigh.

Genesis 32:32 - Therefore the children of Israel eat not of the sinew which shrank, which is upon the hollow of the thigh, unto this day: because he touched the hollow of Jacob&#39;s thigh in the sinew that shrank.

