Genesis 29:1 - Then Jacob went on his journey, and came into the land of the people of the east.

Genesis 29:2 - And he looked, and behold a well in the field, and, lo, there were three flocks of sheep lying by it; for out of that well they watered the flocks: and a great stone was upon the well&#39;s mouth.

Genesis 29:3 - And thither were all the flocks gathered: and they rolled the stone from the well&#39;s mouth, and watered the sheep, and put the stone again upon the well&#39;s mouth in his place.

Genesis 29:4 - And Jacob said unto them, My brethren, whence be ye? And they said, Of Haran are we.

Genesis 29:5 - And he said unto them, Know ye Laban the son of Nahor? And they said, We know him.

Genesis 29:6 - And he said unto them, Is he well? And they said, He is well: and, behold, Rachel his daughter cometh with the sheep.

Genesis 29:7 - And he said, Lo, it is yet high day, neither is it time that the cattle should be gathered together: water ye the sheep, and go and feed them.

Genesis 29:8 - And they said, We cannot, until all the flocks be gathered together, and till they roll the stone from the well&#39;s mouth; then we water the sheep.

Genesis 29:9 - And while he yet spake with them, Rachel came with her father&#39;s sheep; for she kept them.

Genesis 29:10 - And it came to pass, when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban his mother&#39;s brother, and the sheep of Laban his mother&#39;s brother, that Jacob went near, and rolled the stone from the well&#39;s mouth, and watered the flock of Laban his mother&#39;s brother.

Genesis 29:11 - And Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice, and wept.

Genesis 29:12 - And Jacob told Rachel that he was her father&#39;s brother, and that he was Rebekah&#39;s son: and she ran and told her father.

Genesis 29:13 - And it came to pass, when Laban heard the tidings of Jacob his sister&#39;s son, that he ran to meet him, and embraced him, and kissed him, and brought him to his house. And he told Laban all these things.

Genesis 29:14 - And Laban said to him, Surely thou art my bone and my flesh. And he abode with him the space of a month.

Genesis 29:15 - And Laban said unto Jacob, Because thou art my brother, shouldest thou therefore serve me for nought? tell me, what shall thy wages be?

Genesis 29:16 - And Laban had two daughters: the name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel.

Genesis 29:17 - Leah was tender eyed; but Rachel was beautiful and well favored.

Genesis 29:18 - And Jacob loved Rachel; and said, I will serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter.

Genesis 29:19 - And Laban said, It is better that I give her to thee, than that I should give her to another man: abide with me.

Genesis 29:20 - And Jacob served seven years for Rachel; and they seemed unto him but a few days, for the love he had to her.

Genesis 29:21 - And Jacob said unto Laban, Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go in unto her.

Genesis 29:22 - And Laban gathered together all the men of the place, and made a feast.

Genesis 29:23 - And it came to pass in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him; and he went in unto her.

Genesis 29:24 - And Laban gave unto his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an handmaid.

Genesis 29:25 - And it came to pass, that in the morning, behold, it was Leah: and he said to Laban, What is this thou hast done unto me? did not I serve with thee for Rachel? wherefore then hast thou beguiled me?

Genesis 29:26 - And Laban said, It must not be so done in our country, to give the younger before the firstborn.

Genesis 29:27 - Fulfil her week, and we will give thee this also for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet seven other years.

Genesis 29:28 - And Jacob did so, and fulfilled her week: and he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife also.

Genesis 29:29 - And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her maid.

Genesis 29:30 - And he went in also unto Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years.

Genesis 29:31 - And when the LORD saw that Leah was hated, he opened her womb: but Rachel was barren.

Genesis 29:32 - And Leah conceived, and bare a son, and she called his name Reuben: for she said, Surely the LORD hath looked upon my affliction; now therefore my husband will love me.

Genesis 29:33 - And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Because the LORD hath heard I was hated, he hath therefore given me this son also: and she called his name Simeon.

Genesis 29:34 - And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Now this time will my husband be joined unto me, because I have born him three sons: therefore was his name called Levi.

Genesis 29:35 - And she conceived again, and bare a son: and she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah; and left bearing.

