Genesis 35:1 - And God said unto Jacob, Arise, go up to Bethel, and dwell there: and make there an altar unto God, that appeared unto thee when thou fleddest from the face of Esau thy brother.

Genesis 35:2 - Then Jacob said unto his household, and to all that were with him, Put away the strange gods that are among you, and be clean, and change your garments:

Genesis 35:3 - And let us arise, and go up to Bethel; and I will make there an altar unto God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way which I went.

Genesis 35:4 - And they gave unto Jacob all the strange gods which were in their hand, and all their earrings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem.

Genesis 35:5 - And they journeyed: and the terror of God was upon the cities that were round about them, and they did not pursue after the sons of Jacob.

Genesis 35:6 - So Jacob came to Luz, which is in the land of Canaan, that is, Bethel, he and all the people that were with him.

Genesis 35:7 - And he built there an altar, and called the place Elbethel: because there God appeared unto him, when he fled from the face of his brother.

Genesis 35:8 - But Deborah Rebekah&#39;s nurse died, and she was buried beneath Bethel under an oak: and the name of it was called Allonbachuth.

Genesis 35:9 - And God appeared unto Jacob again, when he came out of Padanaram, and blessed him.

Genesis 35:10 - And God said unto him, Thy name is Jacob: thy name shall not be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name: and he called his name Israel.

Genesis 35:11 - And God said unto him, I am God Almighty: be fruitful and multiply; a nation and a company of nations shall be of thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins;

Genesis 35:12 - And the land which I gave Abraham and Isaac, to thee I will give it, and to thy seed after thee will I give the land.

Genesis 35:13 - And God went up from him in the place where he talked with him.

Genesis 35:14 - And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he talked with him, even a pillar of stone: and he poured a drink offering thereon, and he poured oil thereon.

Genesis 35:15 - And Jacob called the name of the place where God spake with him, Bethel.

Genesis 35:16 - And they journeyed from Bethel; and there was but a little way to come to Ephrath: and Rachel travailed, and she had hard labor.

Genesis 35:17 - And it came to pass, when she was in hard labor, that the midwife said unto her, Fear not; thou shalt have this son also.

Genesis 35:18 - And it came to pass, as her soul was in departing, (for she died) that she called his name Benoni: but his father called him Benjamin.

Genesis 35:19 - And Rachel died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath, which is Bethlehem.

Genesis 35:20 - And Jacob set a pillar upon her grave: that is the pillar of Rachel&#39;s grave unto this day.

Genesis 35:21 - And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent beyond the tower of Edar.

Genesis 35:22 - And it came to pass, when Israel dwelt in that land, that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah his father&#39;s concubine: and Israel heard it. Now the sons of Jacob were twelve:

Genesis 35:23 - The sons of Leah; Reuben, Jacob&#39;s firstborn, and Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun:

Genesis 35:24 - The sons of Rachel; Joseph, and Benjamin:

Genesis 35:25 - And the sons of Bilhah, Rachel&#39;s handmaid; Dan, and Naphtali:

Genesis 35:26 - And the sons of Zilpah, Leah&#39;s handmaid: Gad, and Asher: these are the sons of Jacob, which were born to him in Padanaram.

Genesis 35:27 - And Jacob came unto Isaac his father unto Mamre, unto the city of Arba, which is Hebron, where Abraham and Isaac sojourned.

Genesis 35:28 - And the days of Isaac were an hundred and fourscore years.

Genesis 35:29 - And Isaac gave up the ghost, and died, and was gathered unto his people, being old and full of days: and his sons Esau and Jacob buried him.

