Genesis 50:1 - And Joseph fell upon his father&#39;s face, and wept upon him, and kissed him.

Genesis 50:2 - And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father: and the physicians embalmed Israel.

Genesis 50:3 - And forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of those which are embalmed: and the Egyptians mourned for him threescore and ten days.

Genesis 50:4 - And when the days of his mourning were past, Joseph spake unto the house of Pharaoh, saying, If now I have found grace in your eyes, speak, I pray you, in the ears of Pharaoh, saying,

Genesis 50:5 - My father made me swear, saying, Lo, I die: in my grave which I have digged for me in the land of Canaan, there shalt thou bury me. Now therefore let me go up, I pray thee, and bury my father, and I will come again.

Genesis 50:6 - And Pharaoh said, Go up, and bury thy father, according as he made thee swear.

Genesis 50:7 - And Joseph went up to bury his father: and with him went up all the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt,

Genesis 50:8 - And all the house of Joseph, and his brethren, and his father&#39;s house: only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, they left in the land of Goshen.

Genesis 50:9 - And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen: and it was a very great company.

Genesis 50:10 - And they came to the threshingfloor of Atad, which is beyond Jordan, and there they mourned with a great and very sore lamentation: and he made a mourning for his father seven days.

Genesis 50:11 - And when the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, saw the mourning in the floor of Atad, they said, This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians: wherefore the name of it was called Abelmizraim, which is beyond Jordan.

Genesis 50:12 - And his sons did unto him according as he commanded them:

Genesis 50:13 - For his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the field for a possession of a buryingplace of Ephron the Hittite, before Mamre.

Genesis 50:14 - And Joseph returned into Egypt, he, and his brethren, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father.

Genesis 50:15 - And when Joseph&#39;s brethren saw that their father was dead, they said, Joseph will peradventure hate us, and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did unto him.

Genesis 50:16 - And they sent a messenger unto Joseph, saying, Thy father did command before he died, saying,

Genesis 50:17 - So shall ye say unto Joseph, Forgive, I pray thee now, the trespass of thy brethren, and their sin; for they did unto thee evil: and now, we pray thee, forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of thy father. And Joseph wept when they spake unto him.

Genesis 50:18 - And his brethren also went and fell down before his face; and they said, Behold, we be thy servants.

Genesis 50:19 - And Joseph said unto them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God?

Genesis 50:20 - But as for you, ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive.

Genesis 50:21 - Now therefore fear ye not: I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spake kindly unto them.

Genesis 50:22 - And Joseph dwelt in Egypt, he, and his father&#39;s house: and Joseph lived an hundred and ten years.

Genesis 50:23 - And Joseph saw Ephraim&#39;s children of the third generation: the children also of Machir the son of Manasseh were brought up upon Joseph&#39;s knees.

Genesis 50:24 - And Joseph said unto his brethren, I die: and God will surely visit you, and bring you out of this land unto the land which he sware to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob.

Genesis 50:25 - And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence.

Genesis 50:26 - So Joseph died, being an hundred and ten years old: and they embalmed him, and he was put in a coffin in Egypt.

