James 1:1 - James, a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ, to the twelve tribes which are scattered abroad, greeting.

James 1:2 - My brethren, count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations;

James 1:3 - Knowing this, that the trying of your faith worketh patience.

James 1:4 - But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing.

James 1:5 - If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.

James 1:6 - But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.

James 1:7 - For let not that man think that he shall receive any thing of the Lord.

James 1:8 - A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.

James 1:9 - Let the brother of low degree rejoice in that he is exalted:

James 1:10 - But the rich, in that he is made low: because as the flower of the grass he shall pass away.

James 1:11 - For the sun is no sooner risen with a burning heat, but it withereth the grass, and the flower thereof falleth, and the grace of the fashion of it perisheth: so also shall the rich man fade away in his ways.

James 1:12 - Blessed is the man that endureth temptation: for when he is tried, he shall receive the crown of life, which the Lord hath promised to them that love him.

James 1:13 - Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God: for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man:

James 1:14 - But every man is tempted, when he is drawn away of his own lust, and enticed.

James 1:15 - Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death.

James 1:16 - Do not err, my beloved brethren.

James 1:17 - Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights, with whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning.

James 1:18 - Of his own will begat he us with the word of truth, that we should be a kind of firstfruits of his creatures.

James 1:19 - Wherefore, my beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, slow to wrath:

James 1:20 - For the wrath of man worketh not the righteousness of God.

James 1:21 - Wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness, and receive with meekness the engrafted word, which is able to save your souls.

James 1:22 - But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves.

James 1:23 - For if any be a hearer of the word, and not a doer, he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass:

James 1:24 - For he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was.

James 1:25 - But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed.

James 1:26 - If any man among you seem to be religious, and bridleth not his tongue, but deceiveth his own heart, this man&#39;s religion is vain.

James 1:27 - Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world.

