Romans 1:1 - Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated unto the gospel of God,

Romans 1:2 - (Which he had promised afore by his prophets in the holy scriptures,)

Romans 1:3 - Concerning his Son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh;

Romans 1:4 - And declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead:

Romans 1:5 - By whom we have received grace and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name:

Romans 1:6 - Among whom are ye also the called of Jesus Christ:

Romans 1:7 - To all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.

Romans 1:8 - First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world.

Romans 1:9 - For God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers;

Romans 1:10 - Making request, if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come unto you.

Romans 1:11 - For I long to see you, that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift, to the end ye may be established;

Romans 1:12 - That is, that I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me.

Romans 1:13 - Now I would not have you ignorant, brethren, that oftentimes I purposed to come unto you, (but was let hitherto,) that I might have some fruit among you also, even as among other Gentiles.

Romans 1:14 - I am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Barbarians; both to the wise, and to the unwise.

Romans 1:15 - So, as much as in me is, I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also.

Romans 1:16 - For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek.

Romans 1:17 - For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith.

Romans 1:18 - For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness;

Romans 1:19 - Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them; for God hath shewed it unto them.

Romans 1:20 - For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse:

Romans 1:21 - Because that, when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened.

Romans 1:22 - Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools,

Romans 1:23 - And changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and fourfooted beasts, and creeping things.

Romans 1:24 - Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves:

Romans 1:25 - Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.

Romans 1:26 - For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:

Romans 1:27 - And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet.

Romans 1:28 - And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not convenient;

Romans 1:29 - Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers,

Romans 1:30 - Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents,

Romans 1:31 - Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful:

Romans 1:32 - Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them.

