Romans 12:1 - I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service.

Romans 12:2 - And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.

Romans 12:3 - For I say, through the grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think; but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith.

Romans 12:4 - For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office:

Romans 12:5 - So we, being many, are one body in Christ, and every one members one of another.

Romans 12:6 - Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith;

Romans 12:7 - Or ministry, let us wait on our ministering: or he that teacheth, on teaching;

Romans 12:8 - Or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that giveth, let him do it with simplicity; he that ruleth, with diligence; he that sheweth mercy, with cheerfulness.

Romans 12:9 - Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good.

Romans 12:10 - Be kindly affectioned one to another with brotherly love; in honour preferring one another;

Romans 12:11 - Not slothful in business; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord;

Romans 12:12 - Rejoicing in hope; patient in tribulation; continuing instant in prayer;

Romans 12:13 - Distributing to the necessity of saints; given to hospitality.

Romans 12:14 - Bless them which persecute you: bless, and curse not.

Romans 12:15 - Rejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep.

Romans 12:16 - Be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits.

Romans 12:17 - Recompense to no man evil for evil. Provide things honest in the sight of all men.

Romans 12:18 - If it be possible, as much as lieth in you, live peaceably with all men.

Romans 12:19 - Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath: for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord.

Romans 12:20 - Therefore if thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink: for in so doing thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head.

Romans 12:21 - Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good.

