Philemon 1:1 - Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ, and Timothy our brother, unto Philemon our dearly beloved, and fellowlabourer,

Philemon 1:2 - And to our beloved Apphia, and Archippus our fellowsoldier, and to the church in thy house:

Philemon 1:3 - Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.

Philemon 1:4 - I thank my God, making mention of thee always in my prayers,

Philemon 1:5 - Hearing of thy love and faith, which thou hast toward the Lord Jesus, and toward all saints;

Philemon 1:6 - That the communication of thy faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus.

Philemon 1:7 - For we have great joy and consolation in thy love, because the bowels of the saints are refreshed by thee, brother.

Philemon 1:8 - Wherefore, though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin thee that which is convenient,

Philemon 1:9 - Yet for love&#39;s sake I rather beseech thee, being such an one as Paul the aged, and now also a prisoner of Jesus Christ.

Philemon 1:10 - I beseech thee for my son Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my bonds:

Philemon 1:11 - Which in time past was to thee unprofitable, but now profitable to thee and to me:

Philemon 1:12 - Whom I have sent again: thou therefore receive him, that is, mine own bowels:

Philemon 1:13 - Whom I would have retained with me, that in thy stead he might have ministered unto me in the bonds of the gospel:

Philemon 1:14 - But without thy mind would I do nothing; that thy benefit should not be as it were of necessity, but willingly.

Philemon 1:15 - For perhaps he therefore departed for a season, that thou shouldest receive him for ever;

Philemon 1:16 - Not now as a servant, but above a servant, a brother beloved, specially to me, but how much more unto thee, both in the flesh, and in the Lord?

Philemon 1:17 - If thou count me therefore a partner, receive him as myself.

Philemon 1:18 - If he hath wronged thee, or oweth thee ought, put that on mine account;

Philemon 1:19 - I Paul have written it with mine own hand, I will repay it: albeit I do not say to thee how thou owest unto me even thine own self besides.

Philemon 1:20 - Yea, brother, let me have joy of thee in the Lord: refresh my bowels in the Lord.

Philemon 1:21 - Having confidence in thy obedience I wrote unto thee, knowing that thou wilt also do more than I say.

Philemon 1:22 - But withal prepare me also a lodging: for I trust that through your prayers I shall be given unto you.

Philemon 1:23 - There salute thee Epaphras, my fellowprisoner in Christ Jesus;

Philemon 1:24 - Marcus, Aristarchus, Demas, Lucas, my fellowlabourers.

Philemon 1:25 - The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.

