
2 Timothy 4:1 --> I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom; 

2 Timothy 4:2 --> Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine. 

2 Timothy 4:3 --> For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears; 

2 Timothy 4:4 --> And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables. 

2 Timothy 4:5 --> But watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry. 

2 Timothy 4:6 --> For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand. 

2 Timothy 4:7 --> I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith: 

2 Timothy 4:8 --> Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing. 

2 Timothy 4:9 --> Do thy diligence to come shortly unto me: 

2 Timothy 4:10 --> For Demas hath forsaken me, having loved this present world, and is departed unto Thessalonica; Crescens to Galatia, Titus unto Dalmatia. 

2 Timothy 4:11 --> Only Luke is with me. Take Mark, and bring him with thee: for he is profitable to me for the ministry. 

2 Timothy 4:12 --> And Tychicus have I sent to Ephesus. 

2 Timothy 4:13 --> The cloke that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou comest, bring with thee, and the books, but especially the parchments. 

2 Timothy 4:14 --> Alexander the coppersmith did me much evil: the Lord reward him according to his works: 

2 Timothy 4:15 --> Of whom be thou ware also; for he hath greatly withstood our words. 

2 Timothy 4:16 --> At my first answer no man stood with me, but all men forsook me: I pray God that it may not be laid to their charge. 

2 Timothy 4:17 --> Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me, and strengthened me; that by me the preaching might be fully known, and that all the Gentiles might hear: and I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion. 

2 Timothy 4:18 --> And the Lord shall deliver me from every evil work, and will preserve me unto his heavenly kingdom: to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen. 

2 Timothy 4:19 --> Salute Prisca and Aquila, and the household of Onesiphorus. 

2 Timothy 4:20 --> Erastus abode at Corinth: but Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick. 

2 Timothy 4:21 --> Do thy diligence to come before winter. Eubulus greeteth thee, and Pudens, and Linus, and Claudia, and all the brethren. 

2 Timothy 4:22 --> The Lord Jesus Christ be with thy spirit. Grace be with you. Amen. 
