Job 9:1 - Then Job answered and said,

Job 9:2 - I know it is so of a truth: but how should man be just with God?

Job 9:3 - If he will contend with him, he cannot answer him one of a thousand.

Job 9:4 - He is wise in heart, and mighty in strength: who hath hardened himself against him, and hath prospered?

Job 9:5 - Which removeth the mountains, and they know not: which overturneth them in his anger.

Job 9:6 - Which shaketh the earth out of her place, and the pillars thereof tremble.

Job 9:7 - Which commandeth the sun, and it riseth not; and sealeth up the stars.

Job 9:8 - Which alone spreadeth out the heavens, and treadeth upon the waves of the sea.

Job 9:9 - Which maketh Arcturus, Orion, and Pleiades, and the chambers of the south.

Job 9:10 - Which doeth great things past finding out; yea, and wonders without number.

Job 9:11 - Lo, he goeth by me, and I see him not: he passeth on also, but I perceive him not.

Job 9:12 - Behold, he taketh away, who can hinder him? who will say unto him, What doest thou?

Job 9:13 - If God will not withdraw his anger, the proud helpers do stoop under him.

Job 9:14 - How much less shall I answer him, and choose out my words to reason with him?

Job 9:15 - Whom, though I were righteous, yet would I not answer, but I would make supplication to my judge.

Job 9:16 - If I had called, and he had answered me; yet would I not believe that he had hearkened unto my voice.

Job 9:17 - For he breaketh me with a tempest, and multiplieth my wounds without cause.

Job 9:18 - He will not suffer me to take my breath, but filleth me with bitterness.

Job 9:19 - If I speak of strength, lo, he is strong: and if of judgment, who shall set me a time to plead?

Job 9:20 - If I justify myself, mine own mouth shall condemn me: if I say, I am perfect, it shall also prove me perverse.

Job 9:21 - Though I were perfect, yet would I not know my soul: I would despise my life.

Job 9:22 - This is one thing, therefore I said it, He destroyeth the perfect and the wicked.

Job 9:23 - If the scourge slay suddenly, he will laugh at the trial of the innocent.

Job 9:24 - The earth is given into the hand of the wicked: he covereth the faces of the judges thereof; if not, where, and who is he?

Job 9:25 - Now my days are swifter than a post: they flee away, they see no good.

Job 9:26 - They are passed away as the swift ships: as the eagle that hasteth to the prey.

Job 9:27 - If I say, I will forget my complaint, I will leave off my heaviness, and comfort myself:

Job 9:28 - I am afraid of all my sorrows, I know that thou wilt not hold me innocent.

Job 9:29 - If I be wicked, why then labour I in vain?

Job 9:30 - If I wash myself with snow water, and make my hands never so clean;

Job 9:31 - Yet shalt thou plunge me in the ditch, and mine own clothes shall abhor me.

Job 9:32 - For he is not a man, as I am, that I should answer him, and we should come together in judgment.

Job 9:33 - Neither is there any daysman betwixt us, that might lay his hand upon us both.

Job 9:34 - Let him take his rod away from me, and let not his fear terrify me:

Job 9:35 - Then would I speak, and not fear him; but it is not so with me.

