Job 7:1 - Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth? are not his days also like the days of an hireling?

Job 7:2 - As a servant earnestly desireth the shadow, and as an hireling looketh for the reward of his work:

Job 7:3 - So am I made to possess months of vanity, and wearisome nights are appointed to me.

Job 7:4 - When I lie down, I say, When shall I arise, and the night be gone? and I am full of tossings to and fro unto the dawning of the day.

Job 7:5 - My flesh is clothed with worms and clods of dust; my skin is broken, and become loathsome.

Job 7:6 - My days are swifter than a weaver&#39;s shuttle, and are spent without hope.

Job 7:7 - O remember that my life is wind: mine eye shall no more see good.

Job 7:8 - The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more: thine eyes are upon me, and I am not.

Job 7:9 - As the cloud is consumed and vanisheth away: so he that goeth down to the grave shall come up no more.

Job 7:10 - He shall return no more to his house, neither shall his place know him any more.

Job 7:11 - Therefore I will not refrain my mouth; I will speak in the anguish of my spirit; I will complain in the bitterness of my soul.

Job 7:12 - Am I a sea, or a whale, that thou settest a watch over me?

Job 7:13 - When I say, My bed shall comfort me, my couch shall ease my complaints;

Job 7:14 - Then thou scarest me with dreams, and terrifiest me through visions:

Job 7:15 - So that my soul chooseth strangling, and death rather than my life.

Job 7:16 - I loathe it; I would not live alway: let me alone; for my days are vanity.

Job 7:17 - What is man, that thou shouldest magnify him? and that thou shouldest set thine heart upon him?

Job 7:18 - And that thou shouldest visit him every morning, and try him every moment?

Job 7:19 - How long wilt thou not depart from me, nor let me alone till I swallow down my spittle?

Job 7:20 - I have sinned; what shall I do unto thee, O thou preserver of men? why hast thou set me as a mark against thee, so that I am a burden to myself?

Job 7:21 - And why dost thou not pardon my transgression, and take away my iniquity? for now shall I sleep in the dust; and thou shalt seek me in the morning, but I shall not be.

