Job 8:1 - Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said,

Job 8:2 - How long wilt thou speak these things? and how long shall the words of thy mouth be like a strong wind?

Job 8:3 - Doth God pervert judgment? or doth the Almighty pervert justice?

Job 8:4 - If thy children have sinned against him, and he have cast them away for their transgression;

Job 8:5 - If thou wouldest seek unto God betimes, and make thy supplication to the Almighty;

Job 8:6 - If thou wert pure and upright; surely now he would awake for thee, and make the habitation of thy righteousness prosperous.

Job 8:7 - Though thy beginning was small, yet thy latter end should greatly increase.

Job 8:8 - For enquire, I pray thee, of the former age, and prepare thyself to the search of their fathers:

Job 8:9 - (For we are but of yesterday, and know nothing, because our days upon earth are a shadow:)

Job 8:10 - Shall not they teach thee, and tell thee, and utter words out of their heart?

Job 8:11 - Can the rush grow up without mire? can the flag grow without water?

Job 8:12 - Whilst it is yet in his greenness, and not cut down, it withereth before any other herb.

Job 8:13 - So are the paths of all that forget God; and the hypocrite&#39;s hope shall perish:

Job 8:14 - Whose hope shall be cut off, and whose trust shall be a spider&#39;s web.

Job 8:15 - He shall lean upon his house, but it shall not stand: he shall hold it fast, but it shall not endure.

Job 8:16 - He is green before the sun, and his branch shooteth forth in his garden.

Job 8:17 - His roots are wrapped about the heap, and seeth the place of stones.

Job 8:18 - If he destroy him from his place, then it shall deny him, saying, I have not seen thee.

Job 8:19 - Behold, this is the joy of his way, and out of the earth shall others grow.

Job 8:20 - Behold, God will not cast away a perfect man, neither will he help the evil doers:

Job 8:21 - Till he fill thy mouth with laughing, and thy lips with rejoicing.

Job 8:22 - They that hate thee shall be clothed with shame; and the dwelling place of the wicked shall come to nought.

