Amos 7:1 - Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me; and, behold, he formed grasshoppers in the beginning of the shooting up of the latter growth; and, lo, it was the latter growth after the king&#39;s mowings.

Amos 7:2 - And it came to pass, that when they had made an end of eating the grass of the land, then I said, O Lord GOD, forgive, I beseech thee: by whom shall Jacob arise? for he is small.

Amos 7:3 - The LORD repented for this: It shall not be, saith the LORD.

Amos 7:4 - Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me: and, behold, the Lord GOD called to contend by fire, and it devoured the great deep, and did eat up a part.

Amos 7:5 - Then said I, O Lord GOD, cease, I beseech thee: by whom shall Jacob arise? for he is small.

Amos 7:6 - The LORD repented for this: This also shall not be, saith the Lord GOD.

Amos 7:7 - Thus he shewed me: and, behold, the LORD stood upon a wall made by a plumbline, with a plumbline in his hand.

Amos 7:8 - And the LORD said unto me, Amos, what seest thou? And I said, A plumbline. Then said the LORD, Behold, I will set a plumbline in the midst of my people Israel: I will not again pass by them any more:

Amos 7:9 - And the high places of Isaac shall be desolate, and the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid waste; and I will rise against the house of Jeroboam with the sword.

Amos 7:10 - Then Amaziah the priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king of Israel, saying, Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of Israel: the land is not able to bear all his words.

Amos 7:11 - For thus Amos saith, Jeroboam shall die by the sword, and Israel shall surely be led away captive out of their own land.

Amos 7:12 - Also Amaziah said unto Amos, O thou seer, go, flee thee away into the land of Judah, and there eat bread, and prophesy there:

Amos 7:13 - But prophesy not again any more at Bethel: for it is the king&#39;s chapel, and it is the king&#39;s court.

Amos 7:14 - Then answered Amos, and said to Amaziah, I was no prophet, neither was I a prophet&#39;s son; but I was an herdman, and a gatherer of sycomore fruit:

Amos 7:15 - And the LORD took me as I followed the flock, and the LORD said unto me, Go, prophesy unto my people Israel.

Amos 7:16 - Now therefore hear thou the word of the LORD: Thou sayest, Prophesy not against Israel, and drop not thy word against the house of Isaac.

Amos 7:17 - Therefore thus saith the LORD; Thy wife shall be an harlot in the city, and thy sons and thy daughters shall fall by the sword, and thy land shall be divided by line; and thou shalt die in a polluted land: and Israel shall surely go into captivity forth of his land.

