1 Timothy 5:1 - Rebuke not an elder, but intreat him as a father; and the younger men as brethren;

1 Timothy 5:2 - The elder women as mothers; the younger as sisters, with all purity.

1 Timothy 5:3 - Honour widows that are widows indeed.

1 Timothy 5:4 - But if any widow have children or nephews, let them learn first to shew piety at home, and to requite their parents: for that is good and acceptable before God.

1 Timothy 5:5 - Now she that is a widow indeed, and desolate, trusteth in God, and continueth in supplications and prayers night and day.

1 Timothy 5:6 - But she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth.

1 Timothy 5:7 - And these things give in charge, that they may be blameless.

1 Timothy 5:8 - But if any provide not for his own, and specially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel.

1 Timothy 5:9 - Let not a widow be taken into the number under threescore years old, having been the wife of one man.

1 Timothy 5:10 - Well reported of for good works; if she have brought up children, if she have lodged strangers, if she have washed the saints&#39; feet, if she have relieved the afflicted, if she have diligently followed every good work.

1 Timothy 5:11 - But the younger widows refuse: for when they have begun to wax wanton against Christ, they will marry;

1 Timothy 5:12 - Having damnation, because they have cast off their first faith.

1 Timothy 5:13 - And withal they learn to be idle, wandering about from house to house; and not only idle, but tattlers also and busybodies, speaking things which they ought not.

1 Timothy 5:14 - I will therefore that the younger women marry, bear children, guide the house, give none occasion to the adversary to speak reproachfully.

1 Timothy 5:15 - For some are already turned aside after Satan.

1 Timothy 5:16 - If any man or woman that believeth have widows, let them relieve them, and let not the church be charged; that it may relieve them that are widows indeed.

1 Timothy 5:17 - Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honour, especially they who labour in the word and doctrine.

1 Timothy 5:18 - For the scripture saith, Thou shalt not muzzle the ox that treadeth out the corn. And, The labourer is worthy of his reward.

1 Timothy 5:19 - Against an elder receive not an accusation, but before two or three witnesses.

1 Timothy 5:20 - Them that sin rebuke before all, that others also may fear.

1 Timothy 5:21 - I charge thee before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, and the elect angels, that thou observe these things without preferring one before another, doing nothing by partiality.

1 Timothy 5:22 - Lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men&#39;s sins: keep thyself pure.

1 Timothy 5:23 - Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach&#39;s sake and thine often infirmities.

1 Timothy 5:24 - Some men&#39;s sins are open beforehand, going before to judgment; and some men they follow after.

1 Timothy 5:25 - Likewise also the good works of some are manifest beforehand; and they that are otherwise cannot be hid.

