
Proverbs 25:1 --> These are also proverbs of Solomon, which the men of Hezekiah king of Judah copied out. 

Proverbs 25:2 --> It is the glory of God to conceal a thing: but the honour of kings is to search out a matter. 

Proverbs 25:3 --> The heaven for height, and the earth for depth, and the heart of kings is unsearchable. 

Proverbs 25:4 --> Take away the dross from the silver, and there shall come forth a vessel for the finer. 

Proverbs 25:5 --> Take away the wicked from before the king, and his throne shall be established in righteousness. 

Proverbs 25:6 --> Put not forth thyself in the presence of the king, and stand not in the place of great men: 

Proverbs 25:7 --> For better it is that it be said unto thee, Come up hither; than that thou shouldest be put lower in the presence of the prince whom thine eyes have seen. 

Proverbs 25:8 --> Go not forth hastily to strive, lest thou know not what to do in the end thereof, when thy neighbour hath put thee to shame. 

Proverbs 25:9 --> Debate thy cause with thy neighbour himself; and discover not a secret to another: 

Proverbs 25:10 --> Lest he that heareth it put thee to shame, and thine infamy turn not away. 

Proverbs 25:11 --> A word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in pictures of silver. 

Proverbs 25:12 --> As an earring of gold, and an ornament of fine gold, so is a wise reprover upon an obedient ear. 

Proverbs 25:13 --> As the cold of snow in the time of harvest, so is a faithful messenger to them that send him: for he refresheth the soul of his masters. 

Proverbs 25:14 --> Whoso boasteth himself of a false gift is like clouds and wind without rain. 

Proverbs 25:15 --> By long forbearing is a prince persuaded, and a soft tongue breaketh the bone. 

Proverbs 25:16 --> Hast thou found honey? eat so much as is sufficient for thee, lest thou be filled therewith, and vomit it. 

Proverbs 25:17 --> Withdraw thy foot from thy neighbour's house; lest he be weary of thee, and so hate thee. 

Proverbs 25:18 --> A man that beareth false witness against his neighbour is a maul, and a sword, and a sharp arrow. 

Proverbs 25:19 --> Confidence in an unfaithful man in time of trouble is like a broken tooth, and a foot out of joint. 

Proverbs 25:20 --> As he that taketh away a garment in cold weather, and as vinegar upon nitre, so is he that singeth songs to an heavy heart. 

Proverbs 25:21 --> If thine enemy be hungry, give him bread to eat; and if he be thirsty, give him water to drink: 

Proverbs 25:22 --> For thou shalt heap coals of fire upon his head, and the LORD shall reward thee. 

Proverbs 25:23 --> The north wind driveth away rain: so doth an angry countenance a backbiting tongue. 

Proverbs 25:24 --> It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman and in a wide house. 

Proverbs 25:25 --> As cold waters to a thirsty soul, so is good news from a far country. 

Proverbs 25:26 --> A righteous man falling down before the wicked is as a troubled fountain, and a corrupt spring. 

Proverbs 25:27 --> It is not good to eat much honey: so for men to search their own glory is not glory. 

Proverbs 25:28 --> He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down, and without walls. 
