
Proverbs 28:1 --> The wicked flee when no man pursueth: but the righteous are bold as a lion. 

Proverbs 28:2 --> For the transgression of a land many are the princes thereof: but by a man of understanding and knowledge the state thereof shall be prolonged. 

Proverbs 28:3 --> A poor man that oppresseth the poor is like a sweeping rain which leaveth no food. 

Proverbs 28:4 --> They that forsake the law praise the wicked: but such as keep the law contend with them. 

Proverbs 28:5 --> Evil men understand not judgment: but they that seek the LORD understand all things. 

Proverbs 28:6 --> Better is the poor that walketh in his uprightness, than he that is perverse in his ways, though he be rich. 

Proverbs 28:7 --> Whoso keepeth the law is a wise son: but he that is a companion of riotous men shameth his father. 

Proverbs 28:8 --> He that by usury and unjust gain increaseth his substance, he shall gather it for him that will pity the poor. 

Proverbs 28:9 --> He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination. 

Proverbs 28:10 --> Whoso causeth the righteous to go astray in an evil way, he shall fall himself into his own pit: but the upright shall have good things in possession. 

Proverbs 28:11 --> The rich man is wise in his own conceit; but the poor that hath understanding searcheth him out. 

Proverbs 28:12 --> When righteous men do rejoice, there is great glory: but when the wicked rise, a man is hidden. 

Proverbs 28:13 --> He that covereth his sins shall not prosper: but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall have mercy. 

Proverbs 28:14 --> Happy is the man that feareth alway: but he that hardeneth his heart shall fall into mischief. 

Proverbs 28:15 --> As a roaring lion, and a ranging bear; so is a wicked ruler over the poor people. 

Proverbs 28:16 --> The prince that wanteth understanding is also a great oppressor: but he that hateth covetousness shall prolong his days. 

Proverbs 28:17 --> A man that doeth violence to the blood of any person shall flee to the pit; let no man stay him. 

Proverbs 28:18 --> Whoso walketh uprightly shall be saved: but he that is perverse in his ways shall fall at once. 

Proverbs 28:19 --> He that tilleth his land shall have plenty of bread: but he that followeth after vain persons shall have poverty enough. 

Proverbs 28:20 --> A faithful man shall abound with blessings: but he that maketh haste to be rich shall not be innocent. 

Proverbs 28:21 --> To have respect of persons is not good: for for a piece of bread that man will transgress. 

Proverbs 28:22 --> He that hasteth to be rich hath an evil eye, and considereth not that poverty shall come upon him. 

Proverbs 28:23 --> He that rebuketh a man afterwards shall find more favour than he that flattereth with the tongue. 

Proverbs 28:24 --> Whoso robbeth his father or his mother, and saith, It is no transgression; the same is the companion of a destroyer. 

Proverbs 28:25 --> He that is of a proud heart stirreth up strife: but he that putteth his trust in the LORD shall be made fat. 

Proverbs 28:26 --> He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool: but whoso walketh wisely, he shall be delivered. 

Proverbs 28:27 --> He that giveth unto the poor shall not lack: but he that hideth his eyes shall have many a curse. 

Proverbs 28:28 --> When the wicked rise, men hide themselves: but when they perish, the righteous increase. 
