Exodus 2:1 - And there went a man of the house of Levi, and took to wife a daughter of Levi.

Exodus 2:2 - And the woman conceived, and bare a son: and when she saw him that he was a goodly child, she hid him three months.

Exodus 2:3 - And when she could not longer hide him, she took for him an ark of bulrushes, and daubed it with slime and with pitch, and put the child therein; and she laid it in the flags by the river&#39;s brink.

Exodus 2:4 - And his sister stood afar off, to wit what would be done to him.

Exodus 2:5 - And the daughter of Pharaoh came down to wash herself at the river; and her maidens walked along by the river&#39;s side; and when she saw the ark among the flags, she sent her maid to fetch it.

Exodus 2:6 - And when she had opened it, she saw the child: and, behold, the babe wept. And she had compassion on him, and said, This is one of the Hebrews&#39; children.

Exodus 2:7 - Then said his sister to Pharaoh&#39;s daughter, Shall I go and call to thee a nurse of the Hebrew women, that she may nurse the child for thee?

Exodus 2:8 - And Pharaoh&#39;s daughter said to her, Go. And the maid went and called the child&#39;s mother.

Exodus 2:9 - And Pharaoh&#39;s daughter said unto her, Take this child away, and nurse it for me, and I will give thee thy wages. And the women took the child, and nursed it.

Exodus 2:10 - And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh&#39;s daughter, and he became her son. And she called his name Moses: and she said, Because I drew him out of the water.

Exodus 2:11 - And it came to pass in those days, when Moses was grown, that he went out unto his brethren, and looked on their burdens: and he spied an Egyptian smiting an Hebrew, one of his brethren.

Exodus 2:12 - And he looked this way and that way, and when he saw that there was no man, he slew the Egyptian, and hid him in the sand.

Exodus 2:13 - And when he went out the second day, behold, two men of the Hebrews strove together: and he said to him that did the wrong, Wherefore smitest thou thy fellow?

Exodus 2:14 - And he said, Who made thee a prince and a judge over us? intendest thou to kill me, as thou killedst the Egyptian? And Moses feared, and said, Surely this thing is known.

Exodus 2:15 - Now when Pharaoh heard this thing, he sought to slay Moses. But Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh, and dwelt in the land of Midian: and he sat down by a well.

Exodus 2:16 - Now the priest of Midian had seven daughters: and they came and drew water, and filled the troughs to water their father&#39;s flock.

Exodus 2:17 - And the shepherds came and drove them away: but Moses stood up and helped them, and watered their flock.

Exodus 2:18 - And when they came to Reuel their father, he said, How is it that ye are come so soon to day?

Exodus 2:19 - And they said, An Egyptian delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds, and also drew water enough for us, and watered the flock.

Exodus 2:20 - And he said unto his daughters, And where is he? why is it that ye have left the man? call him, that he may eat bread.

Exodus 2:21 - And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter.

Exodus 2:22 - And she bare him a son, and he called his name Gershom: for he said, I have been a stranger in a strange land.

Exodus 2:23 - And it came to pass in process of time, that the king of Egypt died: and the children of Israel sighed by reason of the bondage, and they cried, and their cry came up unto God by reason of the bondage.

Exodus 2:24 - And God heard their groaning, and God remembered his covenant with Abraham, with Isaac, and with Jacob.

Exodus 2:25 - And God looked upon the children of Israel, and God had respect unto them.

