Song Of Solomon 1:1 - The song of songs, which is Solomon&#39;s.

Song Of Solomon 1:2 - Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine.

Song Of Solomon 1:3 - Because of the savour of thy good ointments thy name is as ointment poured forth, therefore do the virgins love thee.

Song Of Solomon 1:4 - Draw me, we will run after thee: the king hath brought me into his chambers: we will be glad and rejoice in thee, we will remember thy love more than wine: the upright love thee.

Song Of Solomon 1:5 - I am black, but comely, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, as the tents of Kedar, as the curtains of Solomon.

Song Of Solomon 1:6 - Look not upon me, because I am black, because the sun hath looked upon me: my mother&#39;s children were angry with me; they made me the keeper of the vineyards; but mine own vineyard have I not kept.

Song Of Solomon 1:7 - Tell me, O thou whom my soul loveth, where thou feedest, where thou makest thy flock to rest at noon: for why should I be as one that turneth aside by the flocks of thy companions?

Song Of Solomon 1:8 - If thou know not, O thou fairest among women, go thy way forth by the footsteps of the flock, and feed thy kids beside the shepherds&#39; tents.

Song Of Solomon 1:9 - I have compared thee, O my love, to a company of horses in Pharaoh&#39;s chariots.

Song Of Solomon 1:10 - Thy cheeks are comely with rows of jewels, thy neck with chains of gold.

Song Of Solomon 1:11 - We will make thee borders of gold with studs of silver.

Song Of Solomon 1:12 - While the king sitteth at his table, my spikenard sendeth forth the smell thereof.

Song Of Solomon 1:13 - A bundle of myrrh is my well-beloved unto me; he shall lie all night betwixt my breasts.

Song Of Solomon 1:14 - My beloved is unto me as a cluster of camphire in the vineyards of Engedi.

Song Of Solomon 1:15 - Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves&#39; eyes.

Song Of Solomon 1:16 - Behold, thou art fair, my beloved, yea, pleasant: also our bed is green.

Song Of Solomon 1:17 - The beams of our house are cedar, and our rafters of fir.

