Song Of Solomon 4:1 - Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves&#39; eyes within thy locks: thy hair is as a flock of goats, that appear from mount Gilead.

Song Of Solomon 4:2 - Thy teeth are like a flock of sheep that are even shorn, which came up from the washing; whereof every one bear twins, and none is barren among them.

Song Of Solomon 4:3 - Thy lips are like a thread of scarlet, and thy speech is comely: thy temples are like a piece of a pomegranate within thy locks.

Song Of Solomon 4:4 - Thy neck is like the tower of David builded for an armoury, whereon there hang a thousand bucklers, all shields of mighty men.

Song Of Solomon 4:5 - Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins, which feed among the lilies.

Song Of Solomon 4:6 - Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, I will get me to the mountain of myrrh, and to the hill of frankincense.

Song Of Solomon 4:7 - Thou art all fair, my love; there is no spot in thee.

Song Of Solomon 4:8 - Come with me from Lebanon, my spouse, with me from Lebanon: look from the top of Amana, from the top of Shenir and Hermon, from the lions&#39; dens, from the mountains of the leopards.

Song Of Solomon 4:9 - Thou hast ravished my heart, my sister, my spouse; thou hast ravished my heart with one of thine eyes, with one chain of thy neck.

Song Of Solomon 4:10 - How fair is thy love, my sister, my spouse! how much better is thy love than wine! and the smell of thine ointments than all spices!

Song Of Solomon 4:11 - Thy lips, O my spouse, drop as the honeycomb: honey and milk are under thy tongue; and the smell of thy garments is like the smell of Lebanon.

Song Of Solomon 4:12 - A garden inclosed is my sister, my spouse; a spring shut up, a fountain sealed.

Song Of Solomon 4:13 - Thy plants are an orchard of pomegranates, with pleasant fruits; camphire, with spikenard,

Song Of Solomon 4:14 - Spikenard and saffron; calamus and cinnamon, with all trees of frankincense; myrrh and aloes, with all the chief spices:

Song Of Solomon 4:15 - A fountain of gardens, a well of living waters, and streams from Lebanon.

Song Of Solomon 4:16 - Awake, O north wind; and come, thou south; blow upon my garden, that the spices thereof may flow out. Let my beloved come into his garden, and eat his pleasant fruits.

