Song Of Solomon 8:1 - O that thou wert as my brother, that sucked the breasts of my mother! when I should find thee without, I would kiss thee; yea, I should not be despised.

Song Of Solomon 8:2 - I would lead thee, and bring thee into my mother&#39;s house, who would instruct me: I would cause thee to drink of spiced wine of the juice of my pomegranate.

Song Of Solomon 8:3 - His left hand should be under my head, and his right hand should embrace me.

Song Of Solomon 8:4 - I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, until he please.

Song Of Solomon 8:5 - Who is this that cometh up from the wilderness, leaning upon her beloved? I raised thee up under the apple tree: there thy mother brought thee forth: there she brought thee forth that bare thee.

Song Of Solomon 8:6 - Set me as a seal upon thine heart, as a seal upon thine arm: for love is strong as death; jealousy is cruel as the grave: the coals thereof are coals of fire, which hath a most vehement flame.

Song Of Solomon 8:7 - Many waters cannot quench love, neither can the floods drown it: if a man would give all the substance of his house for love, it would utterly be contemned.

Song Of Solomon 8:8 - We have a little sister, and she hath no breasts: what shall we do for our sister in the day when she shall be spoken for?

Song Of Solomon 8:9 - If she be a wall, we will build upon her a palace of silver: and if she be a door, we will inclose her with boards of cedar.

Song Of Solomon 8:10 - I am a wall, and my breasts like towers: then was I in his eyes as one that found favour.

Song Of Solomon 8:11 - Solomon had a vineyard at Baalhamon; he let out the vineyard unto keepers; every one for the fruit thereof was to bring a thousand pieces of silver.

Song Of Solomon 8:12 - My vineyard, which is mine, is before me: thou, O Solomon, must have a thousand, and those that keep the fruit thereof two hundred.

Song Of Solomon 8:13 - Thou that dwellest in the gardens, the companions hearken to thy voice: cause me to hear it.

Song Of Solomon 8:14 - Make haste, my beloved, and be thou like to a roe or to a young hart upon the mountains of spices.

