
John 7:1 --> After these things Jesus walked in Galilee: for he would not walk in Jewry, because the Jews sought to kill him. 

John 7:2 --> Now the Jew's feast of tabernacles was at hand. 

John 7:3 --> His brethren therefore said unto him, Depart hence, and go into Judaea, that thy disciples also may see the works that thou doest. 

John 7:4 --> For there is no man that doeth any thing in secret, and he himself seeketh to be known openly. If thou do these things, shew thyself to the world. 

John 7:5 --> For neither did his brethren believe in him. 

John 7:6 --> Then Jesus said unto them, My time is not yet come: but your time is alway ready. 

John 7:7 --> The world cannot hate you; but me it hateth, because I testify of it, that the works thereof are evil. 

John 7:8 --> Go ye up unto this feast: I go not up yet unto this feast: for my time is not yet full come. 

John 7:9 --> When he had said these words unto them, he abode still in Galilee. 

John 7:10 --> But when his brethren were gone up, then went he also up unto the feast, not openly, but as it were in secret. 

John 7:11 --> Then the Jews sought him at the feast, and said, Where is he? 

John 7:12 --> And there was much murmuring among the people concerning him: for some said, He is a good man: others said, Nay; but he deceiveth the people. 

John 7:13 --> Howbeit no man spake openly of him for fear of the Jews. 

John 7:14 --> Now about the midst of the feast Jesus went up into the temple, and taught. 

John 7:15 --> And the Jews marvelled, saying, How knoweth this man letters, having never learned? 

John 7:16 --> Jesus answered them, and said, My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me. 

John 7:17 --> If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself. 

John 7:18 --> He that speaketh of himself seeketh his own glory: but he that seeketh his glory that sent him, the same is true, and no unrighteousness is in him. 

John 7:19 --> Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law? Why go ye about to kill me? 

John 7:20 --> The people answered and said, Thou hast a devil: who goeth about to kill thee? 

John 7:21 --> Jesus answered and said unto them, I have done one work, and ye all marvel. 

John 7:22 --> Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision; (not because it is of Moses, but of the fathers;) and ye on the sabbath day circumcise a man. 

John 7:23 --> If a man on the sabbath day receive circumcision, that the law of Moses should not be broken; are ye angry at me, because I have made a man every whit whole on the sabbath day? 

John 7:24 --> Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment. 

John 7:25 --> Then said some of them of Jerusalem, Is not this he, whom they seek to kill? 

John 7:26 --> But, lo, he speaketh boldly, and they say nothing unto him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ? 

John 7:27 --> Howbeit we know this man whence he is: but when Christ cometh, no man knoweth whence he is. 

John 7:28 --> Then cried Jesus in the temple as he taught, saying, Ye both know me, and ye know whence I am: and I am not come of myself, but he that sent me is true, whom ye know not. 

John 7:29 --> But I know him: for I am from him, and he hath sent me. 

John 7:30 --> Then they sought to take him: but no man laid hands on him, because his hour was not yet come. 

John 7:31 --> And many of the people believed on him, and said, When Christ cometh, will he do more miracles than these which this man hath done? 

John 7:32 --> The Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concerning him; and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him. 

John 7:33 --> Then said Jesus unto them, Yet a little while am I with you, and then I go unto him that sent me. 

John 7:34 --> Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come. 

John 7:35 --> Then said the Jews among themselves, Whither will he go, that we shall not find him? will he go unto the dispersed among the Gentiles, and teach the Gentiles? 

John 7:36 --> What manner of saying is this that he said, Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come? 

John 7:37 --> In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, If any man thirst, let him come unto me, and drink. 

John 7:38 --> He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. 

John 7:39 --> (But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should receive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet glorified.) 

John 7:40 --> Many of the people therefore, when they heard this saying, said, Of a truth this is the Prophet. 

John 7:41 --> Others said, This is the Christ. But some said, Shall Christ come out of Galilee? 

John 7:42 --> Hath not the scripture said, That Christ cometh of the seed of David, and out of the town of Bethlehem, where David was? 

John 7:43 --> So there was a division among the people because of him. 

John 7:44 --> And some of them would have taken him; but no man laid hands on him. 

John 7:45 --> Then came the officers to the chief priests and Pharisees; and they said unto them, Why have ye not brought him? 

John 7:46 --> The officers answered, Never man spake like this man. 

John 7:47 --> Then answered them the Pharisees, Are ye also deceived? 

John 7:48 --> Have any of the rulers or of the Pharisees believed on him? 

John 7:49 --> But this people who knoweth not the law are cursed. 

John 7:50 --> Nicodemus saith unto them, (he that came to Jesus by night, being one of them,) 

John 7:51 --> Doth our law judge any man, before it hear him, and know what he doeth? 

John 7:52 --> They answered and said unto him, Art thou also of Galilee? Search, and look: for out of Galilee ariseth no prophet. 

John 7:53 --> And every man went unto his own house. 
